{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The Pinsit mobile app, along with the Pinsit website located at www.pinsitapp.com provide users with a service to interact with each other inside the Pinsit app.  In this Privacy Policy, we describe how information is collected, used, and disclosed.  Pinsit services are available through the mobile app located on the iOS App Store.
\fs24 \
\
\

\f1\fs36 What Information We Collect From Users
\f0\b\fs24 \
Location Information
\b0 \
Location information is requested from your mobile device.  Denying Pinsit access to Location information will cause the app to fail to function.  Location information is used to place your posted videos in the correct position on the map and to locate other pins near you.  You can deny Pinsit access to your location information by disabling it on your device's settings or by deleting Pinsit from your device.\
\

\b Phone Number\

\b0 Your phone number is requested before you may post a video.  If you attempt to post a video without verifying your phone number, Pinsit will ask you to verify.  \
\

\b Account Information\

\b0 Upon registering for Pinsit, your username, email address, and signup date are recorded.\
\

\b Post Information\

\b0 We record information about each video that is posted.  This includes your username, video id, posting location, video file, ip-address, phone number, and device information.  \
\

\b Contact Information\

\b0 When you contact Pinsit, we collect any information that you volunteer.\
\
\

\f1\fs36 How We Use Collected Information
\f0\b\fs24 \

\b0 Collected information is used to better service the operation of Pinsit on your device.  Other ways we may use your information:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Share your video with other users.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Display other user's videos based on location information provided.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Verify your account to prevent spam or unauthorized or illegal activity.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\

\f1\fs36 Where Information is Contained and Processed
\f0\fs24 \
Pinsit's information and processes are handled by the Parse.com backend.  Security and Privacy information provided by Parse can by viewed on https://parse.com/about/security\
\
\

\f1\fs36 How Information is Shared
\f0\fs24 \
Pinsit does not control who can view your content.  If you do not want something to be shared publicly, do not post it.  Your information that is contained in a post: (username, video description, video, post location) can be viewed by anyone and (if enabled) downloaded by anyone.  Pinsit does not identify you by name or email address, however, we cannot control others from finding out your identity through content that you share on Pinsit or through other third party services or sites.\
\
\

\f1\fs36 Information that we collect may be shared as follows
\f0\fs24 \

\b Other Pinsit Users
\b0 \
Anything you decide to post is readily available to other Pinsit users.  Videos may be screenshotted and (if enabled) downloaded.  Your posts may be publicly distributed outside of the Pinsit app.\

\b \
Legal Processes
\b0 \
Any information that is provided may be disclosed to comply with the law, court order, judicial process, or any other legal process.  We may, for example, distribute your ip address, email address, phone number, location information, device information, or any other information that we have collected.\
\

\b To Protect Ourselves and Others
\b0 \
Pinsit reserves the right to disclose any information if we believe it is required to prevent, investigate, or take action against or regarding illegal activities, fraud, or situations regarding threats to the safety of any person, terms of service violations, or violations to this policy.  We may also disclose information regarding any legal process that Pinsit is involved in.\
\
\

\f1\fs36 Content Deletion
\f0\b\fs24 \

\b0 You reserve the right to delete content that you have posted to Pinsit.  Content you delete will be removed from the map and invisible to other users.  Pinsit, however, may maintain a copy of recorded videos.\
\
\

\f1\fs36 Reported Posts
\f0\fs24 \
Reported posts may still be deleted by the poster.  Pinsit, however, maintains a full copy of the post along with information about the reporting and reported users.\
\
\

\f1\fs36 Third-Party Links
\f0\fs24 \
Pinsit may contain links to third-party websites and services through post descriptions.  Any access to and use of such linked sites is not governed by this Policy, but rather governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites.\
\
\

\f1\fs36 Minors
\f0\fs24 \
Pinsit users must be at least 18 years old to use our services.  If you are not yet 18, please do not use Pinsit or provide any information to use.  If we discover that a user is under 13 years old and has provided us with any personal information, we will delete said information from our systems.}