{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into by and between you and Pinsit ("Pinsit") regarding your use of Pinsit mobile application or associated products.  By using Pinsit, you are entering into this Agreement with Pinsit and agreeing to by bound to and by these terms and conditions.  If you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions, please do not use this Service.\
\

\b 1. Description of Service
\b0 \
Pinsit (the "Service") is a mobile service from Walker Christie ("Owner", "we", "us") that offers a way to post videos from your device and display them on a public (map-based) forum.  You understand and agree that the Service is provided on an AS IS and AS AVAILABLE bases.  We disclaim all responsibility and liability for the availibility, timeliness, security, or reliability of the Service.  We also reserves the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Service with or without notice at any time and without any liability to you.\
\

\b 2. Changes\

\b0 We reserve the right to make changes to the Terms of Service at any time.  We may change, update, or add or remove any provisions of these Terms at any time and the new agreement will be effective immediately.\
\

\b 3. General Use\

\b0 By using the Service, you acknowledge and agree that you are at least 18 years of age.  If you are not at least 18 years old, you may not use the Service at any time, in any manner, or submit any information to the Service or the App Store.  \
We may, and reserve the right to refuse or revoke the usage of the Service to any person or entity.  We may, without notice, terminate your right to use the Services at any time and block your future access to use of the Service.\
\

\b 4. Personal Use\

\b0 The Service is available to you for personal use only.  You are required to provide current and accurate identification, contact, and other information that may be required during the registration and / or continued use of the Service.  You are held responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your Service password and account, and are responsible for all activities that occur under it.  You may only display the Service's content for personal use and are not allowed to display the Service through non-commercial use.  You may not copy, reproduce, modify, alter, create imitative works, or display any content publically without prior written permission from us.\
\

\b 5. Privacy Policy\

\b0 As a usage requirement for this Service, you agree to the Pinsit Privacy Policy as it may be changed.  You agree that we may monitor, edit, or disclose your personal information, including your recorded videos, if we are required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request.  This may include search warrants, subpoena, statute, and court orders.  Personal information collected by us is stored and monitored by Parse LLC.  By using this service, you agree and consent to any transfer of information through Parse LLC and it's services.\
\

\b 6. Warranty\

\b0 THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND YOU USE THE SERVICE AT YOUR OWN RISK. PINSIT EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SERVICE, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL PINSIT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF THE SERVICE WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL PINSIT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY AMOUNT FOR SERVICES RENDERED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT.\
\

\b 7. Indemnification\

\b0 You agree to hold the Service harmless and indemnified from any third party claim arising from or in any way related to your use of the Service.  This includes any liability or expense arising from all claims, losses, damages, litigation costs, and attorney fees of any kind.\
\

\b 8. Liability\

\b0 To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you hereby release, and waive all claims against Pinsit from any and all liability for claims, damages, costs, and expenses of any kind that are in any way connected to the Service.\
\
}